fix docker example to work on OSX (#9309)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/docker/README.rst

Finally, run the example project using ``mlflow run examples/docker -P alpha=0.5``.

> .. note::

Reviewer: Is this a valid syntax?

<img width="1264" alt="image" src="https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/assets/17039389/d39a0890-319c-4673-afaa-575e2f995817">

>     If running this example on M1 / M2 Mac, ensure that Docker Desktop is running and that you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If running this example on Mac with Apple silicon, ensure that Docker Desktop is running and that you are
```

Can we use `Apple silicon` instead of M1/M2?

    logged in to the Docker service. It is recommended to run this example with the optional

>     'Rosetta' compatibility mode (configured in settings) to ensure that if you make modifications

Reviewer: Can we link a doc on how to set up Rosseta?

Reviewer: Is this the doc?

https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/#system-requirements

Author: https://docs.docker.com/desktop/settings/mac/#features-in-development

    to scikit-learn versions that the appropriate cython compiler will be used to build

>     scikit-learn without errors.

Reviewer: Does scikit-learn prvoide pre-compiled wheels for M1 / M2 Mac?

Author: The compatibility was introduced with commit #21827 for release version 1.0.2 all versions after that Dec 2021 release work just fine on M1/M2 OSX. Prior to that, there was no build for scikit-learn that would work properly (the only option was to install a large list of dependencies, ensure scipy versions were compatible, and configure gcc / blas packages to the correct build configuration for a given hardware version (year of release of M1 or M2 mac) and then compile it manually). This is a LOT of work for just an example to be functional for a 2.5 year old version of scikit-learn on our Docker examples.

Reviewer: I'd remove this note if scikit-learn >= 1.0.2 works fine, but am ok with including this note.
